Copyedit of verbiage re conflicts of interest (#51)
openjs-foundation/standards: onboarding.md

# Onboarding

All participants in the OpenJS Foundation projects and groups must follow the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
There are further expectations for members who represent the Standards Working Group (hereafter called representatives).

> It is understood that representatives may form opionions based on the need of their employers' or their personal projects. While representing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is understood that representatives may form opinions based on the needs of their employers' or their personal projects. While representing
```

> the Standards Working Group though, they should decide/discuss/promote based on the interest of Standards Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Standards Working Group, however, they should decide/discuss/promote based on the interest of the Standards Working Group.
```
